Add runtime tracing opt-out mechanism (#185)
ros2/ros2_tracing: README.md

For more information about LTTng, [refer to its documentation](https://lttng.org/docs/v2.13/).

> ### Disabling the instrumentation

Reviewer: I would add "... at runtime"

Also, given my other comment about how to describe the feature in this section, I would probably change this to something like:

```suggestion
### Disabling the tracer at runtime
```

Author: Changed in c117ed6f7976477bb014cf8292ccebf1c5456c87

> To disable all instrumentation in runtime, set the `TRACETOOLS_RUNTIME_DISABLE` envvar:

Reviewer: Also, I feel like "disable all instrumentation at runtime" isn't really what this mechanism does, and it might be confusing because of the typical LTTng (runtime) trace events configuration mechanism.

What about something closer to what you're describing in the PR description (and what you're actually trying to achieve)? Something like:

```suggestion
To avoid loading the tracer at runtime (and therefore disable all instrumentation), set the `TRACETOOLS_RUNTIME_DISABLE` environment variable:
```

Author: Reads nicely. Changed in c117ed6f7976477bb014cf8292ccebf1c5456c87
